
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.772075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                772074612000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               772074612000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  85363                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   148799                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              491521309                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2258332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1570.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134086845                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     233731046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           57536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       471524992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          471582528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        57536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         57536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    467309312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       467309312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          7367578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7368477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7301708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7301708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              74521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          610724643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             610799165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         74521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            74521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       605264446                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            605264446                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       605264446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             74521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         610724643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1216063610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     7368477                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7301708                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   7368477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7301708                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              471582528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               467307264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               471582528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            467309312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            460552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            460628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            460377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            460302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            460169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            460558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            460376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            460500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            460646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            460624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           460644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           460727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           460653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           460600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           460552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           460569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            456372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            456448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            456191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            456120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            456029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            456180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            456261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            456353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            456451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            456476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           456470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           456592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           456490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           456457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           456393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           456393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  772074587500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               7368477                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              7301708                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7367932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 449012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 454561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 452582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 452557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 452560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 452595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 452565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 452590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 452599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 452614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 453189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 452840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 453877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 456569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 452557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 452542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6718305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    139.750764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.775278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   122.174449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3691094     54.94%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1742842     25.94%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       708579     10.55%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       450123      6.70%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        98129      1.46%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7996      0.12%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1941      0.03%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          956      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16645      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6718305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       452537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.282563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.115398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     86.832623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047       452536    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        452537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       452537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.134981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.128115                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.488819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           414517     91.60%     91.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17            19451      4.30%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14158      3.13%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             4330      0.96%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               78      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        452537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 175544187500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            313703131250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                36842385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23823.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42573.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       610.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       605.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    610.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    605.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2693671                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5258175                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 36.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      52628.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    54.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              25388725320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              13852975125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             28731003600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            23651701920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          50427792480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         516675886110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          10017072750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           668745157305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            866.172536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13626237250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   25781080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  732661920250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25401607560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              13860004125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             28742633400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            23662847520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          50427792480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         516700254465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           9995732250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           668790871800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            866.231680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13596804750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   25781080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  732693365250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 8734006                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           8734006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             17548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7078704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 7078638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.999068                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    3787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                331                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   60                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1544149225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           19114003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      134809780                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     8734006                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            7082425                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    1524934362                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   43932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1024                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            9                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           31                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  19075193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  4887                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         1544071528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.152070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.010372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               1503831724     97.39%     97.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  2820634      0.18%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  3355024      0.22%     97.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  3465911      0.22%     98.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2645306      0.17%     98.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  2931979      0.19%     98.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  2765884      0.18%     98.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  4998640      0.32%     98.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 17256426      1.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           1544071528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.005656                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.087304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  8210605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            1506413736                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   7607296                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              21817925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                  21966                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              234315165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                  21966                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 15825184                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               668030187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           4188                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  21542705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             838647298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              234216899                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  19213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                    329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              833953784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           225937769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             495516596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        347878801                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           4130107                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             225406071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   531683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 131923901                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             16930227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            61749934                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1144032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           211978                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  234110993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 439                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 234282132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              2437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          380374                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       536785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            183                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    1544071528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.151730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.689307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          1451931204     94.03%     94.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            17138710      1.11%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            44404344      2.88%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            11075083      0.72%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             6427474      0.42%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             9842706      0.64%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2593744      0.17%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              642509      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               15754      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1544071528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   43971     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    80      0.02%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 290181     75.71%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 49044     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            274323      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             154520908     65.96%     66.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  172      0.00%     66.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   288      0.00%     66.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              552017      0.24%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             17210030      7.35%     73.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            61724394     26.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              234282132                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.151722                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      383276                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001636                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2001597097                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         229008029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    228507617                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            11424404                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            5489529                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5421667                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              228678689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 5712396                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1395566                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        75375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          291                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6130                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       284480                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         14853                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                  21966                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                   41952                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles             667981636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           234111432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             10336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              16930227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             61749934                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                142                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             667214694                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           6130                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          16662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3018                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                19680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             234246018                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              17202756                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             36110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     78920640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  8689346                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   61717884                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.151699                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      233935914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     233929284                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 106547626                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 131724844                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.151494                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.808865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          381690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             256                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts             17674                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1544014221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.151379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.768272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1460807464     94.61%     94.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11335709      0.73%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     43700939      2.83%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11429712      0.74%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6034320      0.39%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1249251      0.08%     99.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2353404      0.15%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627012      0.04%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6476410      0.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1544014221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            134086845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              233731046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       78552921                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      16854850                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    8683058                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    5414266                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 232909419                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 1431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       271192      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        154356187     66.04%     66.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              98      0.00%     66.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              275      0.00%     66.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         550373      0.24%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        16854850      7.21%     73.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       61698071     26.40%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         233731046                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               6476410                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1771650547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   468283169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           77697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   134086845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     233731046                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              11.516038                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        11.516038                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.086835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.086835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                347974936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               160538820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   4085332                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  2715205                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  45361368                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 62377335                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                98200628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      2                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8157915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.959884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            68818637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8158427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.435283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         185369250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.959884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         625816883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        625816883                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     15170370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        15170370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     53648248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       53648248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      68818618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         68818618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     68818618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        68818618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       338886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        338886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8049803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8049803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8388689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8388689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8388689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8388689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4321043759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4321043759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 714415521188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 714415521188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 718736564947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 718736564947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 718736564947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 718736564947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15509256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15509256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     61698051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     61698051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     77207307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     77207307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     77207307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     77207307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.130471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12750.729623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12750.729623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88749.441594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88749.441594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85679.247967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85679.247967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85679.247967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85679.247967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        57629                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4556                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.649034                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           94                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8131106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8131106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       230247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       230247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       230251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       230251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       230251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       230251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       108639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8049799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8049799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8158438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8158438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8158438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8158438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1298598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1298598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 699297554420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 699297554420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 700596152920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 700596152920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 700596152920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 700596152920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.105669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.105669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11953.336279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11953.336279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86871.430507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86871.430507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85873.809781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85873.809781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85873.809781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85873.809781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.980416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            19073978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          18736.717092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   507.980416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.992149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         152602572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        152602572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     19073978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        19073978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      19073978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         19073978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     19073978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        19073978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85486750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85486750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85486750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85486750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85486750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85486750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     19075193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19075193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     19075193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     19075193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     19075193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     19075193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70359.465021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70359.465021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70359.465021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70359.465021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70359.465021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70359.465021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          234                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           78                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71146.400778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71146.400778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71146.400778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71146.400778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71146.400778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71146.400778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   7302941                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 64766.628240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      872792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   7367968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.118458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    64753.691630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.202047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          5.734562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.988063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        53955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992233                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 276066685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                276066685                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                  116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data               108195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  108311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8131106                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8131106                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             682654                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                682654                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                790849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   790965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               790849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  790965                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          7367134                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             7367134                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             7367578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                7368477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            7367578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7368477                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     42533500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       113405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 684021252750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  684021252750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      70871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  684063786250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     684134657750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 684063786250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    684134657750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst             1015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           108639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              109654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8131106                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8131106                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8049788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8049788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8158427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8159442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8158427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8159442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.885714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.004087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.915196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.915196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.885714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.903064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.903061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.885714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.903064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.903061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78833.704116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95796.171171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84441.548771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92847.673566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92847.673566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78833.704116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92847.851255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92846.141441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78833.704116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92847.851255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92846.141441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7301708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7301708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7367134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        7367134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        7367578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           7368477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       7367578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          7368477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59608500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     37050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       159009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 590324181750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 590324181750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59608500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 590361231750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 590420840250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59608500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 590361231750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 590420840250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.885714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.915196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.885714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.903064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.903061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.885714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.903064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.903061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66305.339266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83445.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71972.077439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17667.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17667.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80129.420987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80129.420987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66305.339266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80129.620854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80127.934205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66305.339266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80129.620854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80127.934205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           7301708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           7367134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          7367134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22038680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     22038680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               22038680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    938891840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    938891840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               938891840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          14670194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                14670194    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            14670194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         46246162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        40612710741                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             109667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            109667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8131106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8049788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8049788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24447980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              24450023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1042530112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1042595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                              13                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16290571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3               16290571    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16290571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16276391500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13759248259                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
